Non-Disclosure Form for Contractor Employee

CERTIFICATE OF NONDISCLOSURE

AGREEMENT FOR CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES

USC TITLE 41, SECTION 423(d); DISCLOSURE TO UNAUTHORIZED PERSONNEL

I.
__________________________________________(print
or type name), as an employee of _______________________________________
(insert name of company), a contractor acting under contract to the U.S.
General Services Administration (GSA), [insert program/procurement
title and client agency], in administering an unclassified and/or
classified system support for these activities, pursuant to BPA Call
Order Number _____________________(insert contract
number), agree not to disclose to any individual business entity or
anyone within
_______________________________________________(insert
name of employee company) or outside of the company who has not signed a
nondisclosure agreement for the purposes of performing this Call Order:
any sensitive, proprietary or source selection information contained in
or accessible through the any of the systems covered under this Call
Order. Proprietary information/data will be handled in accordance with
Government regulations.

I understand that information/data I may be aware of, or possess, as a
result of my assignment under this Call Order may be considered
sensitive or proprietary by GSA and their clients. The contractor's
responsibility for proper use and protection from unauthorized
disclosure of sensitive, proprietary and source selection information is
described in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) section 3.104.
Pursuant to FAR 3.104-3, I agree not to appropriate such information for
my own use or to release or discuss such information for my own use or
to release it to or discuss it with third parties unless specifically
authorized in writing to do so, as provided above.

This agreement shall continue for a term of two (2) years from the date
upon which I last have access to the information there from. Upon
expiration of this agreement, I have a continuing obligation not to
disclose sensitive, proprietary, or source selection information to any
person or legal entity unless that person or legal entity is authorized
by the head of the agency or the contracting agency or the Contracting
Officer to receive such information. I understand violations of this
agreement are subject to administrative, civil and criminal sanctions.

In accordance with Public Law
No. 108-447, Consolidated Act, 2005, the following is applicable:

N/A

These restrictions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict
with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or
liabilities created by Executive Order No. 12958; section 7211 of title
5, United States Code (governing disclosures to Congress); section 1034
of title 10, United States Code, as amended by the Military
Whistleblower Protection Act (governing disclosure to Congress by
members of the military); section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States
Code, as amended by the Whistleblower Protection Act (governing
disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse or public health or
safety threats); the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982 (50
U.S.C. 421 et seq.) (governing disclosures that could expose
confidential Government agents); and the statutes which protect against
disclosure that may compromise the national security, including sections
641, 793, 794, 798, and 952 of title 18, United States Code, and section
4(b) of the Subversive Activities Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 783(b)). The
definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and
liabilities created by said Executive order and listed statutes are
incorporated into this agreement and are controlling.

THIS CERTIFICATION CONCERNS A MATTER WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF AN
AGENCY OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE MAKING OF A FALSE, FICTITIOUS, OR
FRAUDULENT CERTIFICATION MAY RENDER THE MAKER SUBJECT TO PROSECUTION
UNDER TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 1001.
